I'm in New York with my family whoo we
just had a wonderful breakfast how was
it guys John that's my brother over
there he had a lot of pancakes oh he's
he's destroyed beautiful day Central
Park here with the fam I'm gonna go hang
out and then go back to the place I'm
staying for about a month while I find
the apartments get some work time but
let's go explore with the family the
families
how do you feel
very exciting John let's climb time for
a climbing adventure adventure look at
him scaling the mountains of Central
Park hardcore man does it to death
adventure exploring rocks
oh look another rock let's go climb it
dude it's amazing
everywhere summer in the city man you
look kids frolicking in the sprinklers
just amazing it's so beautiful here
and there's my brother just staring off
into the distance
Hey so hi I'm pretty excited about
sharing this process of moving to New
York City with you it is going to be a
process I am officially here I have
about a month to figure out where the
heck I'm going to live I'm very lucky
that I have a place to stay for a few
weeks while I look around because
finding a New York apartment while in
Nashville was kind of impossible it's
very very hard to find a place when
you're not here
stuff goes quick here it's it's a fast
move in place um so the next few weeks I
will be looking for an apartment and
just doing doing my thing moving to New
York is a very fascinating topic so the
vlogs that are very focused on New York
City and moving here I will title moving
to in my seat step one is pretty much
done it's just the getting here parts
how I got here is I rented one of those
like u-haul box type things put all my
stuff in there and then the u-haul
people drive my stuff up here it takes
about two weeks because I have a
temporary place to stay I'm really in no
super rush to get all of my stuff so
during that time I can look for
apartments and things and yeah this will
be a very fun stressful exciting
adventure and I'm going to bring you
guys with me every step of the way so my
family is out frolicking in the New York
City it is like it is so pretty outside
right now they're out exploring museum
doing all that fun stuff I have a lot of
work an email and just videos to catch
up on so that is what I'm doing right
now but I'm doing something that I've
been needing to do for a while so a
couple weeks ago I hung out with an
awesome graphic designer and
photographer and I put together this
brand Athan video basically the idea was
to get together these awesome human
beings and brand the heck out of like
Sara deechi and the Sara T to YouTube
channel and we really came up with some
awesome stuff pictures fonts proper
thumbnail templates but I haven't gotten
the chance to really go into my YouTube
channel and make all of this pretty and
also make sure all my other social
medias are up there
with the like proper picture it's like
profile pictures and things like I know
I probably am carrying too much about
this but I really appreciate good design
and I worked with Judson and Ryan small
hands who are an amazing graphic
designer and photographer and I'm just
so stoked on what they came up with I
want to make sure everything's pretty
and on point I'm also writing a medium
post about this whole idea of designing
one personal brand in 24 hours of course
there's a video you can watch but you
can also check out the medium post I
will link that down in the description
below so yeah I'm gonna get a work in
you guys have a fabulous fabulous rest
of your day and I'm really I'm really
stoked to bring these New York City
adventures to you because it's been it's
been a dream to live here ever since I
came here my senior of high school and
the fact that it's like a reality Lowe's
my mind I'm stoked I'm stoked stay
peachy okay bye my last Drive
guys Darrell Darrell is gone